# CS230Portfolio
Software Design Document Portfolio Item SNHU

Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?

This is a mock design acting as a developer for CTS. CTS was consulted for the client "The Gaming Room" to develop a game "Draw It or Lose It" into additional platforms. It was currently in existence via android. They consulted CTS to develop the app game to be played via a web-based design to be accessed through windows, linux and iOS. To develop this documentation I think I excelled particularly well at assuming details, as much of the instruction is vague and the word "platform" seems to be overused and having many meanings. I found it helpful to use imaginary situations such as using high score records or other details to develop the code, as many of these details were not included in the description of the actual game and how it is played. If i had to revise the document I would improve my evaluation, since I lost points in the actual recommendation of the platform. Interpreting the user needs in development is of utmost importance. It is nothing more than a waste of time and resources if the development time is spent creating features that are not wanted nor needed. A design is only helpful to those who want or need it. My approach in design is to hear the client and what the vision is for the project and to go from there. To me, details are an imperative part of the process, which I find are mostly missing in many vague assignments across many courses. This makes my approach harder at times, because I want as many detailed requirements and specifications as possible to know exactly what the client wants. If they are unsure or unclear, I can base any recommendations off of what I have been supplied with more accurately. Using critical thinking and a dash of creativity, a beautiful product can be made with minimal delays or issues. 
